Outer Battlements:A place once defended by what would seem to be a great many warriors, but now lays desolate and in ruin.
Longsword
indoor:Barracks

Barracks:The living quarters for a great number of persons, judging by the state they left it they must have been in quite a hurry.
Shortsword,Iron Curiass
outdoor:Outer Battlements,west door:Serving Hall,upstairs:Tower,east door:Training Yard,south door:Gardens

Serving Hall:A large room that once smelled like roasted meat and ale, now only a purtrid lingering oder stains the air.
Laddle
south door:Barracks,west door:Infirmary

Tower:The view from this tall spire gives the occupant vantage for miles and would likely be a great way to spot visitors invited or otherwise.
Dagger
downstairs:Barracks,laddar:Tower Lookout Post

Tower Lookout Post:This worn structure looks like it took the brunt of whatever seige equipment was used to batter the defenders.
Greatsword,Leather Vest
laddar:Tower

Training Yard:You can almost see the visage of past warriors honing skills and sharpening the tool of their trade.
Hand Ax
west door:Barracks,north door:Armory

Armory:Toppled armor and weapon stands indicate that before this armory was ransacked that it was home to enough weapons to equip what seems like a small army.
Greatsword
south door:Training Yard

Gardens:Bisecting the castle Brambleburg is a large space that does not smell like death instead replaced with the refreshing smell of sprawling gardens that are starting to look like their overgrown greenery is beginning to creep up on the castle walls itself.
Great Ax
north door:Barracks,east door:Apothecary

Infirmary:Is it irony that the bloodied bedsheet coverd corpses and medical supplies remain unlooted,or is it perhaps just simple human decency at work.

east door:Serving Hall

Apothecary:You are greeted by large decanters and cauldrons some of which are still filled with strange liquids. Other than the smokey sour odor that fills the air the only other thing of note is the open Eye in a Jar of Liquid...staring right at you.

east door:Green House,west door:Gardens

Green House:Believe it or not this house is indeed green!

west door:Apothecary